# Mixed Reality Shooter Final 
## By Joab Martinez

### What is it?
I decided for my final to do a shooter game with only snipers. I recreated the map "Hang 'Em High" from Halo using Rhino. With the sniper, you are able to zoom in and out with the trackpad and shoot bullets to the enemies that generate over and over again in waves.

### Difficulties
Recreating the map from halo was very hard since I had to look at various views of the map with images that weren't even that good so that I had a authentic map as the one made officially in Halo. Another difficulty was creating waves after you kill the monsters. One thing I wasn't able to do was being able to collide the monster and the bullet when you shoot and make the monster dissapear but the bullet was still able to connect with the collider of the monster since I had a log to make sure it collided. The most difficult thing was that I couldn't find the most recent file I had on the game when I looked to both the PC from the school's and my laptop. I had it almost done when I showed my proffessor during class, I just had to fix small things but then this came up and I couldn't fix it in time for the showcase. I had to work on my new media enviornments final more than the this class since the proffessor from this class already saw my progress that I had and my other proffessor hasn't seen anything from me. I was able to finish that final so I worked on this final for as long as I could especially since I don't have a VR headset it was difficult for me to test if I had something working or not.

### Showcase
The day of the showcase came and I haven't slept in three days even though multiple of people telling me to go to sleep including my chair but I still had a lot of things to do and pulled an all nighter just working on my VR. The closer it got from people coming in to set up for the showcase the more I regretted starting all over. At that time I would've been better off polishing my midterm of the scary maze other than restarting all over and doing everything all over again. If I could, I would restart everything and work on my midterm tom make it better but in the span of three weeks and having different finals, I believe I did well on what I had before every problem came right before the showcase and I had to take a lot of my time trying to fix everything on how I had it. One of my teammates was going to pile everything together and gave us all a time frame to when to finish and send it to him. The time got closer so I had to tell him that I couldn't be able to send it to him since I couldn't fix the errors I had so that he wouldn't have to wait for me and just build it without having me. During the time of the showcase, I had wish I had it all working because a lot of people were mostly attracted to that part of the showcase. A person said that they wish to see how a scary game would be which made me regret not working on my midterm.


